###################################
April 30, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of April
30, 2014.  See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

You can access the `edX Status`_ page to get an up-
to-date status for all services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes
the Twitter feed for @edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post
updates.

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for
details about the currently planned product direction.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_ 

  You can also download the guide as a PDF from the edX Studio user interface.

  Recent changes include: 

  * Updated `Show or Hide the Course Wiki Page`_ to include a note about Wiki
    content being available after you hide the Wiki page.

  * Updated label information and added XML information to `Problem with
    Adaptive Hint`_

  * Updated `Beta Testing a Course`_ to reflect feature changes.
    
  * Expanded the `Grade and Answer Data`_ to include topics on interpreting the
    grade reports and student progress page.

  * Updated `Working with HTML Components`_ to reflect changes to the HTML
    component editor.

  * Reorganized information about problems into `Creating Exercises and Tools`_ section.
      

* `edX Data Documentation`_
  
  * Added new event types to `Tracking Logs`_ for interactions with PDF files.

* `edX Platform Developer Documentation`_
  
  Recent changes include:
  
  * Added the section `Contributing to Open edX`_



*************
edX Studio
*************

* The HTML component editor is updated to provide a raw HTML editing option. For
  more information, see `Working with HTML Components`_. (STUD-1562)

***************************************
edX Learning Management System
***************************************

* Lines in bulk email messages were not wrapped at 998 characters, which caused
  error messages and erroneous characters in some email programs. All lines are
  now wrapped at 998 characters automatically. (LMS-1466)



.. include:: links.rst